Ops handbook finance management (#833)
publiccodenet/about: activities/finance-management/authorization.md

---
type: Guide
explains: how authorization is managed at the Foundation
---

# Authorization

> Two board members can approve payments above € 50.000. [See bylaws.](../../organization/articles-of-association.md)

Reviewer: Suggest changing all periods in numbers in the thousands to commas, as is more common in English.

> Board members – two board members can decide on payments above € 50.000. [See bylaws.](../../organization/articles-of-association.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two board members can approve payments above € 50.000. [See bylaws.](../../organization/articles-of-association.md)
```

> Board members – two board members can decide on payments above € 50.000. [See bylaws.](../../organization/articles-of-association.md)

Reviewer: In American/British English, you don't usually put a space between a currency symbol and currency amount.
